LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR EVALUATION/DEMONSTRATION D-TYPE ENGINE

DEFINITIONS

a) "You/Your", or "Your Organization" means the person or business entity
which is evaluating the D-Type evaluation/demonstration libraries pursuant
to this agreement.

b) "Software" or "D-Type Software" means all of the software You or Your
Organization have received from D-Type Solutions with this license.

c) "User Documentation" or "D-Type Documentation" means the manuals and any
other printed or printable, electronic or on-line material provided by
D-Type Solutions with the D-Type Software.

d) "Package" or "D-Type Package" means the D-Type Software and the D-Type
Documentation.

e) "Use" or "Utilize" means installing, configuring, storing, loading,
accessing, executing, displaying or deploying.

f) "License" means the license granted pursuant to this Agreement.

This Agreement is a legal agreement between You or Your Organization and
D-Type Solutions for the D-Type Package accompanying this Agreement, By
exercising your rights to use the D-Type Package, you agree to be bound by
the terms of this Agreement.

This will confirm that D-Type Solutions grants to You a limited,
nonexclusive license to install and use the above-referenced Package only
for your personal use and evaluation. Your right to use the Software shall
be effective for thirty (30) days from the date of this Agreement, subject
to the following conditions:

1. The Package can be used only by You/Your Organization and only for Your
personal use and evaluation. Any other use of the Package is strictly
prohibited.

2. You may not decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software, in
any way or by any means.

3. You may not sell, rent, lease, share, distribute, or otherwise transfer
the Package to anyone.

4. The license rights granted herein are expressly conditioned upon You
retaining in confidence all information, knowledge, algorithms, ideas,
concepts and know-how transmitted to You by D-Type Solutions.

5. You may not copy, distribute or transfer in any way or by any means the
Software and accompanying User Documentation to third parties.

6. You may not transfer your rights under this Agreement to third parties.

7. You may not share the results obtained by using this Package with
anyone, in any way or by any means. This includes but is not limited to
images, original and converted fonts, reports, ideas, algorithms, analysis,
benchmark tests or any other electronic or non-electronic material,
information or know-how that you have obtained by using the Package or is
related to the Package.

8. D-Type Solutions expressly disclaims any warranty for the evaluation and
demonstration Software. All the material is provided "as is" without
warranty of any kind. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of
the Package remains with You.

D-Type Solutions reserves all rights not expressly granted to You or Your
Organization.

All title and copyrights in and to the D-Type Software, the accompanying
User Documentation, and any copies of the D-Type Package are owned by
D-Type Solutions. The D-Type Package is protected by copyright laws and
international treaty provisions. Therefore, you must treat the D-Type
Package like any other copyrighted material.

You and Your Organization agree to take all reasonable steps to protect the
Software and User Documentation from unauthorized copying or Use. The
D-Type Package represents and embodies trade secrets of D-Type Solutions.

This Agreement is effective from the date You or Your Organization license
the D-Type Package and will remain in force until terminated. You may
terminate this Agreement at any time or this Agreement shall automatically
terminate in 30 (thirty) days. This agreement shall also automatically
terminate if You or Your Organization breach any of the terms or conditions
of this Agreement.

Upon termination of this License You must destroy the original and all
copies of the D-Type Software and User Documentation, or return them to
D-Type Solutions together with all copies, adaptations and derivative works
including any generated images, original and converted fonts, reports,
algorithms, analysis, benchmark tests and any other electronic or non-
electronic material that you have created by using the Software. You agree
not to use or share the results obtained by using the Package with anyone,
in any way or by any means, even after the termination of this Agreement.
This includes but is not limited to ideas, algorithms, reports, analysis,
benchmark tests or any other information, knowledge, ideas, concepts and
know-how transmitted to you by D-Type Solutions and related to the D-Type
Package.

This License Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement
between You or Your Organization and D-Type Solutions and may be amended
only in writing signed by both parties.

ANY VIOLATIONS OF THE ABOVE AGREEMENT WILL RESULT IN IMMEDIATE TERMINATION
OF THE LICENSE AND WILL BE PROSECUTED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT POSSIBLE UNDER
THE LAW.

NO VENDOR, DISTRIBUTOR, DEALER, RETAILER, SALES PERSON OR OTHER PERSON IS
AUTHORIZED TO MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT OR TO MAKE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION
OR PROMISE WHICH IS DIFFERENT THAN, OR IN ADDITION TO, THIS AGREEMENT ABOUT
THE D-TYPE PACKAGE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WILL D-TYPE
SOLUTIONS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR YOUR ORGANIZATION FOR INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT,
WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF WARRANTY, TORT, PRODUCTS LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.


# End of File
