HOW TO CONVERT EXISTING FONTS TO D-TYPE FONT FORMAT

D-Type font format is more versatile and more compact than any of the
existing popular font formats (such as TrueType, OpenType, Type 1 and
CFF). For more information, see the following page on our website:

http://www.d-type.com/page/font_converter

There are two methods that can be used to convert existing fonts to
D-Type format.

NOTE: Do not use the methods described below to distribute already
copyrightable TrueType, OpenType, Type 1, Type 3 or CFF fonts in
D-Type format.

Method 1: Font Converter (Command Line Utility)

  Windows version:
  * exec/examples-core_engine/example_font_converter.exe

  Mac OS X version:
  * exec/examples-core_engine/example_font_converter_osx

  Linux version:
  * exec/examples-core_engine/example_font_converter_linux

To convert an existing font to D-Type format using this method, run
the Font Converter tool from the command line and then follow the
instructions displayed on your screen.

Method 2: Font Utility (GUI Tool)

  Windows version:
  * exec/tools/font_utility.bat

  Mac OS X version:
  * exec/tools/font_utility_osx

  Linux version:
  * exec/tools/font_utility_linux

To convert an existing font to D-Type format using this method, launch
the Font Utility tool and choose File -> Load Font or, alternatively,
File -> Load Font Advanced from the main menu. Select the font you wish
to convert. Once the font is successfully loaded, go to the main menu
again and choose File -> Save As D-Type Font. This will save the
font you just loaded in D-Type format.

The advantage of the second method is that it allows you to validate
and view the selected font before converting it to D-Type format. It
also provides a GUI (Graphical User Interface) to make the font
conversion process easy and straightforward.


OPTIMIZED D-TYPE FONTS

D-Type fonts generated using one of the above two methods are quickly
converted from the selected source format and, while relatively small
in file size, are still not fully optimized. In almost all cases it is
possible to further optimize and reduce the size of the resulting
D-Type font files. This can be done using the Font Optimizer tool.

Font Optimizer (Command Line Utility)

  Windows version:
  * exec/tools/font_optimizer.exe

  Mac OS X version:
  * exec/tools/font_optimizer_osx

  Linux version:
  * exec/tools/font_optimizer_linux

To optimize your D-Type font, run the Font Optimizer tool from the
command line and then follow the instructions displayed on the screen.


# End of File
